the real had to win to be a champion but he started losing to the
38 minutes
of the second half a goal by a dagger through the penalty line by the scoreboard
osasuna 1-real Madrid 0 and then the panorama was complicated training
Real Madrid press / m 1 in his visit to Pamplona
great definition of dagger to put the ball in the bottom of the bow
and then the osasuna could be
to win 1 for 0 to the Pamplona team wanted to give an obstacle on the way
for the victory of the Real Madrid definitive victory in the league
in the Spanish league iker Casillas could not
stop the dagger shot and then the osasuna seemed headed for
get an important victory almost makes regret like this
because it was day they were all sure to celebrate the title
but dagger was with this goal to put the complicated things for the formation
Real Madrid when there were only six minutes left until the end
I was winning the osasuna formation
kilos
However, when he was in Real Madrid at the most difficult moment
arjen roben
the head and the goal of Real Madrid
it was time
so in the minute 42 of the game the Real Madrid formation was already putting
in parity one by one I was at the score and I thought
to compose things after the villarreal and had won his match in
the morning
in real madrid the score was one by one things were
in the visit to pamplona
and it was missing more because Real Madrid wanted to celebrate this Sunday in one
one
and so you got to the minute 43 that reacts Real Madrid
see in this play in the midfield of the white set won the movement of
the formation of Real Madrid that arrived with desire grants the title
due to the high action that comes open for pugita higuaín gonzalo that
hits and towards the goal
of Real Madrid to the goal of the title
despite the goal of higuaín and pipita that put the ball at the bottom of the goal
I cheered them if they squared because in this way with the victory to Real Madrid
must be crowned from today in the absence of three days
Spanish soccer champion revalidates his title to the white box plays the
Wednesday against Barcelona to the classic can bring the results
for Real Madrid is that he is the two-time Spanish soccer champion
feeling to the definition of pipita higuaín annual out of place receives the
ball with the chest finishes at the bottom of the bow
the Argentine awarded the goal of the triumph for the formation of ata of the
Real Madrid in a spectacular comeback in the pass that was received from
sergio ramos higuaín put today at the bottom of the arch great comeback of the real
madrid to win matches to one
until it was time for the referee's final whistle
came in this way they empower themselves the history of the party and the celebration
from all the people of real madrid to champion the white box bicampeona a
despite the fight that he put to villarreal he will do in the last part
of the tournament the Real Madrid is the champion of the league
2007 2008 of Spanish football the three-time champion
there stacho echostar brought him to be champion with Real Madrid is
getting the goal the osasuna fans can not believe it because
they are in zone
of descent very difficult
and it was years they get an important result but they fell on the
final
and there the remarkable recovery of a large caste team was allowed
how is this team from real madrid
I was celebrating well
on the pitch belén osasuna team the victory of 2 to 1 after the goal of
title gets it gonzalo higuaín the ball at the bottom of the goal
the real Madrid
won 2 to 1 to the formation of osasuna
is the bicampeón of Spanish football there is the great definition of
higuain the movement of all white players
the final touch of bouquets on the right and the auction to beat higuaín
the goalkeeper of the osasuna here they celebrated cody that to squares all the
Arab world celebrated this is one of the greats of Real Madrid team if
someone deserves to celebrate held as a series and who does not or is that this one
sure of the great moments for the Real Madrid team in the celebration
After conquering this crown of two-time champion Gonzalo Higuain becomes
in the hero of real madrid who has been ethically
lr team plus percent
regular of the best level in the Spanish tournament the floor champion the real
madrid with this we are finishing the day
today of this Sunday thank you very much for having accompanied me the health alcosa
bullfighting
on this day in the closing of what was
the qualifying phase of Guatemalan football and also
the coronation of the real madrid regal soccer artês diaper real madrid
champion
and the national tournament remember if next Wednesday already in the phases
final suchitepéquez receives the xelajú
and sports marquense will receive the visit of the sports petapa and all that
can you follow him
in the broadcasts of Afc national football that makes television
Guatemalan and such a moment of celebration and people
in cibeles in madrid arriving in that square
where would the hoisting be the traditional festival
of the conquest of the title by the Real Madrid a conquest really
important the conquest 30 and lasted real Madrid there celebrated it raul all
the people and the celebration then in the white house of real madrid
the white box is l
proud monarch of Spanish football tremendous victory 2 to 1 suffered
pamplona but finally won the meringue ensemble and celebrates that
he was the author of the pass with which higuaín sentenced the history of
match